he woke up like a bird in a cage my hbu
school by Raiders paid you can age
change my name while still on the same
ones that right no MC or delusional fake
up on the right side spitting right I
believe in nothing more a rocket shows
every night wanna catch the vibe i set
up my place I no contestar my son will
slide Z bros everything that I that
would bro let me talk about it
or when one gonna say lets them see set
the refectory but if you don't
understand shut your damn mouth and walk
your hands what Christ God and Sasha
bank um and promotion season
you
watch me swallow my proposals ever the
city's owe me my group what skies fix my
youth on my designers are taking a
feather in my ball this up cameras in a
minute we got the violence we have to
ride it we gotta live it Travie rocks at
the bay / oh they don't get it so they
don't want no grip on the bar we don't
do it when I'm going in the steps and
then there is the master when I know how
I'm not to be the cops away they don't
quite get it so I keep so played because
I rivers or love it all day is to treat
that stuff and I get it now play I'm
race lively on it with the beasts of the
SE C the brakes rocket if you don't
quite get it then we lift me on the it's
the sound of the true lock week who's
got a yes you can
it's a nap I degrees that break that
push the San ago with no side of the
Wizards Oh bother if they don't quite
get it is no hard luck when you feel it
coming if you're going to stay open up
your mouth your hands oh well bow bow
like me Bell Bell wawa takeover jacking
TV
we go back
want to run derby just bounce with me
yes